Add wallets page (#217)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/docs-user/wallets.md

---
title: Wallets supporting Lisk
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /user/wallets
description: 'A summary of the most important wallets supporting the LSK token.'
keywords:
  [
    'Lisk wallets',
    'LSK wallets',
    'EVM wallets',
    'Wallets',
    'Non-custodial',
    'hot wallet',
    'cold wallet',
    'Zerion',
    'MetaMask',
    'Rainbow',
    'Xellar',
    'Safe',
    'Ledger',
    'Brave',
  ]
---

# Wallets
This page provides an overview of the most important wallets[^1] which support the Lisk chain and LSK token.

> [^1]: A cryptocurrency wallet is a device, app or online service which stores the public and/or private keys to facilitate cryptocurrency transactions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^1]: A cryptocurrency wallet is a device, app, or online service that stores the public and/or private keys to facilitate cryptocurrency transactions. 
```

## Hot wallets

### Brave Wallet
A crypto wallet built into the [Brave browser](https://brave.com/), enabling Brave users to store, manage, grow, and swap their crypto portfolio from a single wallet.

Unlike most crypto wallets, the Brave Wallet does not require extensions; it’s browser-native, reducing security risks and reliance on extra CPU and memory. Users can transact with almost any crypto asset with superior safety and performance, as well as connect with other wallets and Web3 DApps.

Main features:
- **Non-custodial**
- **EVM wallet**

> - **Integrated in the Brave browser**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Integrated into the Brave browser**
```

- **Token Support**: ETH, ERC 20 (including LSK), and ERC 721 (NFTs) support.

See the [full feature list](https://support.brave.com/hc/en-us/articles/14380262951053-What-features-are-available-in-Brave-Wallet).

### MetaMask
Available as a browser extension and as a mobile app, [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/) equips you with a key vault, secure login, token wallet, and more — everything you need to manage your digital assets.
MetaMask is one of the most popular user choices among hot wallets.

Main features:
- **Non-custodial**

> - **multi-chain wallet** via [Snaps](https://support.metamask.io/metamask-snaps/what-are-interoperability-snaps/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Multi-chain wallet** via [Snaps](https://support.metamask.io/metamask-snaps/what-are-interoperability-snaps/).
```

- **Browser extension** and **Mobile version**
- **Token Support**: ETH, ERC 20 (including LSK), and ERC 721 (NFTs) support.

### Safe

> [Safe](https://safe.optimism.io/welcome/accounts?chain=lisk) is a customizable multisig wallet and platform to store digital assets on Ethereum and popular EVM chains like Lisk for users, companies, funds, developers, DAOs and investors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Safe](https://safe.optimism.io/welcome/accounts?chain=lisk) is a customizable multisig wallet and platform to store digital assets on Ethereum and popular EVM chains like Lisk for users, companies, funds, developers, DAOs, and investors.
```

DeFi apps can be accessed and user funds can be put to work from inside the Safe UI.

Main features:
- **Non-custodial**
- **EVM wallet**

> - **Multisig**: Mutisignature for individuals and teams of any size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Multisig**: Mutisignature for individuals and teams of any size.
```

- **Web and Mobile versions**
- **Token Support**: ETH, ERC 20 (including LSK), and ERC 721/1155 (NFTs) support.

### Xellar

> [Xellar](https://xellar.co/) offers a mobile wallet and a devkit for embedded Wallets to be integrated in apps and websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Xellar](https://xellar.co/) offers a mobile wallet and a devkit for embedded Wallets to be integrated into apps and websites.
```

Enables users to create wallets with Social Login native to the App.

Main features:
- **Non-custodial**

> - **multi-chain**: Compatible with any EVM chain, BTC, Solana, and TRON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Multi-chain**: Compatible with any EVM chain, BTC, Solana, and TRON.
```

- **Native integration of the Lisk network**
- **Embedded wallet provider**
- **Token on- and off-ramp**
- **Wallet recovery via social login**

### Zerion

> [Zerion](https://zerion.io/) is a crypto wallet for everything onchain so you can manage all your investments, collections, staked positions and airdrops across 14 chains in one place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Zerion](https://zerion.io/) is a crypto wallet for everything onchain. 
It allows you to manage all your investments, collections, staked positions and airdrops across 14 chains in one place.
```

Main features:
- **Non-custodial**
- **EVM wallet**
- **Compatible with Ledger**
- **Browser extension** and **Mobile version**
- **Token Support**: ETH, ERC 20 (including LSK), and ERC 721 (NFTs) support.

## Cold wallets

### Ledger
[Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/) provides uncompromising security for the crypto ecosystem, offering cutting-edge hardware wallets designed with security in mind.
Ledger believes in secure self-custody, and with a Ledger device, you can take ownership of your private keys with confidence.

Main features:
- **Non-custodial**
- **Hardware wallet**

> - **multi-chain**: See [list of supported tokens](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **multi-chain**: See the [list of supported tokens](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets).
```

Main features:
- **Non-custodial**
- **Hardware wallet**

> - **multi-chain**: See the [list of supported tokens](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Multi-chain**: See the [list of supported tokens](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets).
```
